---
title: "Chapter 6 - Ba-bump!"
---

Translator: Homia

A blue cup was on the table. 

A holy relic that was almost neglected by the church. It wasn't that important.

The priest of the Flame Church remained silent for a long time. Not long after, the priest's mouth slowly opened.

"What happened to the person who stole the relic?"

The apprentice, who had received the relic from the ranger, bowed his head.

"I heard from the rangers that he was beheaded on the spot."

The priest was silent again for a while, then slowly opened his mouth.

"The body… What did you do with the body?"

"They couldn't afford to retrieve the body, so we only recovered the holy relic."

He placed the blue cup in the hands of the apprentice priest.

"Priest?"

"Take it and go back first. I'm thinking of going on a pilgrimage from now on."

"A pilgrimage all of a sudden?"

"Yes."

The mouth of the priest belonging to the Flame Church, Blue Flame, slowly opened.

"By the way, do you know where exactly the thief was killed by the rangers?"

***

Ten years ago, one oracle came down to all churches.

The end will fall on this earth, covering the husk of life.

There's been some great chaos for a while, but, ironically, nothing has happened in the last 10 years. As a result, some argued that this oracle meant a distant future, while others saw it as a divine revelation to focus on the life in front of them.

***

A dark night. The moon shone and my eyes welcomed the moonlight.

On that serene and beautiful night road.

I was walking with one hand holding the rope that tied the heads of eight people, and a man who had lost his consciousness due to an injury in the other.

"It's a very peaceful atmosphere, isn't it? Mother?"

‘Kill!’

"I couldn’t have taken all the equipment and money from the bodies. If I really took it all, they definitely end up saying that I’m a priest who wants money and valuables, Mother. I'll be satisfied with this sword that you reminded me to take."

‘Kill!’

"Yeah. As mother said, it would have been fine if I brought a little bit of money. It's really thrifty. But that's it."

I stepped on the snow and slowly opened my mouth.

"I'm in a little bit of trouble right now, so I do need money, but I'm not desperate for it either. Because mother is by my side."

‘Kill…!’

While the mother of corruption was deeply moved, I arrived in Guise again. It was thanks to the constant walking without sleep.

As I approached Guise's front gate, the guards who noticed my presence rushed to work.

The guard shouted as he lifted the torch.

"The gates are closed! It's late, so if you want to go into Guise, come back tomorrow morning!"

I walked a little longer and showed myself. A red torch shone over the white priest's robe, where the traces of the battle had completely disappeared.

"My name is Marnak, a priest, one of the mercenaries who left in the morning at the request of the lord. I don't mind going in tomorrow morning, but this friend on my shoulder needs treatment right now. Can you let this friend in now?"

At my polite words, the two guards quickly talked to each other. The man who appears to be a senior of the two said.

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

"You mean ten mercenaries that left in the morning? Priest?"

"Yes."

"But what about the others, and how only you two come back?"

I raised the heads tied up with a string.

"Can you see this?"

The young guard, who appeared to be his successor, said in a trembling voice.

"That's a head! A human head!"

On the other hand, the senior was calm.

"I'd like you to explain the specifics, priest."

I explained to the guard that these heads belonged to thieves, and that I and Pierre were the only mercenaries who survived the morning departure.

After a brief thought, the senior said something to his successor and sent him somewhere.

"Wait a minute. I've delivered the news inside. But is the patient on your shoulder in a serious emergency?"

"He’s a little hurt, but I think it's okay to wait a little while because the goddess of maintenance is taking care of him."

In fact, it was the protection of the Mother of Corruption that held Pierre’s life.

After a while, two big men and a red-haired lady in a thick overcoat walked over, breathing heavily. It was the young receptionist lady of the mercenary guild.

The woman, blinking her pale green eyes, gave a quick instruction.

"Hurry up and take the patient to the hospital."

"Yes."

I carefully gave Pierre to them.

"He may be a little heavy."

The two big men smirked at my warning. I was holding Pierre with one hand, so they thought he wouldn't be too heavy. 

However, their expressions changed as soon as they accepted Pierre from me. In fact, he was a man as heavy as his size, although I carried him casually. 

"Please take care of him."

"Yes."

The two more polite men quickly went into the city with Pierre.

The red-haired receptionist said, when she was left alone with me.

"Priest Marnak can also enter. I've already asked the guards for permission."

"Thank you."

As we entered Guise through the west gate, the receptionist lady started chattering.

"By the way, I didn't think of you like that, but you're very strong."

"I'm just a little strong."

"I heard the heads in your hands were the culprits of this case. I think it would be much better to keep the heads in our mercenary guild than to keep them yourself."

"I'll do that."

I had no lingering feelings for these heads in the first place. I just had to get 29 silver coins after giving them.

The receptionist glanced at my face and smiled.

"Then can you take me to the mercenary guild? It's a bit scary to go alone because it's dark at night."

There was no trace of fear anywhere on that beautiful smiling face.

"I will."

‘Kill!’

I patted my struggling mother's hand and moved on.

***

The receptionist, who introduced herself as Erin, constantly talked to me all the way. ‘Are you a good swordsman? What happened today? If you search those heads in the wanted list, you might get an additional reward,’ and so on.

The red cheeks heated by the cold fluttered. The Mother of Corruption was constantly wriggling in my pocket.

‘Kill! Kill!’

"Thank you for accompanying me! Priest Marnak!"

Erin smiled brightly and was handed the string of heads from me. A pretty girl and those heads in her hands. It felt a bit grotesque, but it wasn't a very strange sight in this world.

Anyway, where do I sleep today? I wish there was an empty room where I slept last night.

"Priest."

"What?"

"Do you have a place to sleep?"

"I'm going to look for one now. Wouldn't there be an empty room for me in this big city?"

A room that I can get within a budget of ninety bronze coins.

“It must be very difficult to find a room on this cold morning.”

Erin smiled as she told me.

"If you don't mind, would you like to sleep over here?"

Ba-bump!

My heart raced. 

‘Kill!’

Mother's hand wriggled violently, too.

***

‘Kill!’

"I knew everything. I said yes because I knew everything. Mother, there's not a grain of black in my heart for that red-haired receptionist. I'm telling you."

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

Unfortunately, Erin's suggestion was really pure. The Mercenary Guild had several guest rooms, and Erin lent me one of them.

I brought up a secret tool to soothe my mother, who was very upset.

Squeeze. Squeeze.

When I took out mother's dried hand and gave her a massage, the voice I heard melted in a drowsy manner.

'K… I… L… L...'

Knock.

A sudden knock on the door. I quickly put my mother's hand in my pocket and opened the door. Standing at the door was Erin, the receptionist lady.

"What brings you here?"

Erin slowly blinked and held out the basket in her arms.

"I thought it would be uncomfortable for you to sleep in a priest's robe, so I brought some extra clothes. Did I happen to wake you up?"

I accepted the basket and smiled.

"No, thanks to you, I can now sleep comfortably."

"That's a relief, then get some good sleep and help me fill out the paperwork related to this matter. Since the priest is the only one who is fine, there are many parts that you need to explain yourself."

"I will."

Erin nodded, closed the door and left. I took off my priest's clothes and put on the men's clothes she gave me. The clothes were so big that they were loose.

The undressed priest's clothes were folded finely and placed by the bedside. The reason why there was no trace of any battle left on this robe was very simple.

It was a priest's robe with the protection of the real goddess of maintenance. To put it simply, it had an automatic recovery. Originally, this robe did not activate when worn by priests who didn’t believe in the goddess of maintenance, but I was an exception.

As a priest of corruption, I could use objects containing the protection of other gods to disguise myself as any priest. All this is thanks to the mother of corruption.

‘Kill!’

"Don't worry, Mother. I didn't forget that I was rubbing your hand."

When I pressed her hand again, mother's voice melted away.

'K… I… L… L...'

***

Knock-knock!

I woke up to a knock on the door. As I opened the door, I was greeted by rich red hair. Erin looked at me with a slightly sorry expression.

"I wanted to let you have a good night's sleep, but something happened that I had to wake you up."

It was time to wake up anyway.

Because my body didn't require much sleep.

"I'm fine. But what's going on?" 

"The lord wants to see the priest."

The lord? Suddenly? I don't have any connections here.

"Do you really mean the lord?"

"Yes."

"Do you happen to know what this is all about?"

"That's..."

Erin's explanation was simple. This time Galad died. He was the illegitimate son of the former lord. That was to say, he was the half-brother of the lord Thredon Philian, who now reigns over Guise.

"I don't know the details, but that's the only thing that comes to mind. But it's weird. I understand that the lord treats Mr. Galad as a person who doesn't exist."

"I'll change my clothes and go out."

"Yes."

After wearing a priest's robe, I headed to the mansion of the lord with the guards who had been waiting in advance.

***

A slender figure. A dull-looking face.

The cold-looking middle-aged man sitting in front of me right now was the lord Thredon Philian who was ruling Guise.

And I've forgotten a lot of countermeasures I had thought of beforehand.

It was because the mother in my pocket drew a large 'X' with her index finger as soon as she saw the lord.

A creature that is not judged by the fingers. Among them, there was only one thing that could be taking human form.

Thredon Philian. He's a demon.

***

Want to know what happened next or just want to support us? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop!
( •̀ ω •́ )✧ https://ko-fi.com/homia
