---
title: "Chapter 9 - The fall."
---
Translator: Homia

Cornu left, while I moved quickly back to the mercenary guild.

"P-priest Marnak! What the hell is going on?"

"Don't move a single step from here, stay still!"

"Eh?! What’s happening...."

Erin's answer wasn’t heard halfway. I ran into my room, grabbed my frost steel sword, and headed straight to the room where the reformation priests were staying.

"Mother, is it here?!"

‘Kill!’

Did they take the holy relic with them? I turned around without hesitation and returned to the first floor. Erin was looking out the door, but then she heard me coming and shouted urgently.

"P-priest! A mo-monster! A monster! A monster is in the middle of the city!"

I can't believe she didn't run away. There’ll be less trouble like this.

"What are we going to do now?"

I hugged Erin just like that. 

"Priest Marnak?!"

"Where is it?"

I stormed out of the mercenary guild.

"Eh?"

"Where’s the doctor in charge of Pierre's treatment? Please guide us right now!"

I couldn’t let the life I barely saved die in vain in this disturbance.

"Save me!"

"Get out of the way! Don’t slow me down! 

"Aaaahhh!"

Tangled crowds and screams. The city had already been swallowed up in chaos.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

The huge monster ran wild, destroying everything in its way. Collapsing buildings and scattered debris. The places where the demon had passed were only filled with fresh blood and flesh.

On top of the demon's black head, a man in white armor raised a hammer and shouted.

"Hammer of Punishment!!!"

A huge battle hammer shone with pure white light. Obs grabbed the raised hammer with one hand and slammed it into the demon's head.

"Die! You filthy being!"

As soon as the battle hammer hit the demon's head, a huge hammer of light fell from the sky. The demon hit by the "Hammer of Punishment" groaned in pain.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

The giant black demon struggled like crazy, and many people were swept away and crushed.

Blood. More blood. Red blood. The flesh of innocent people. Despair. Fear. Chaos.

Guise was falling apart.

"Erin!"

"Yes, yes?"

"Come on, to the place where Pierre is!"

Erin's finger pointed in a direction. I started moving and sprinted down the road. Mother was silent even though I was holding Erin, because she knew how serious it was right now.

"Priest Marnak! There! Over there!  

Pierre’s place was near where the demon ran, and the door of the house was already open.

"Pierre!"

Blood was flowing down the floor. The original owner of this place had already died. Taking advantage of the confusion, two men who were robbing the people looked at me with a startled expression.

Garbage. Garbage beyond redemption.

"W-who?!"

Without hesitation, I pulled out the frost steel sword with one hand and swung at the neck of the nearest man. Shaking the blood off the sword, I grabbed the other one's head, and slammed it in the wall. His head crushed, and blood splattered around.

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

"Pierre!"

Fortunately, Pierre was lying unconscious in his bed, bandaged all over. I sheathed the sword and carried Pierre. 

"Hold on tight! I can't hold you with both hands anymore!"

At the sign of Erin hugging my neck tightly, I ran towards Guise's front gates. The streets were overcrowded with citizens fleeing to survive. The people who fell while running were crushed to death by the crowd.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

He shook his head while screaming. It will be too late if I go down this tight road.

I looked around quickly. Fortunately, I noticed a low roof that I could jump up on at once. My judgment was quick, and my body moved faster than expected. Erin screamed.

"Kyaaah!"

I jumped from roof to roof and ran to the nearest west gate. The west gate, when I finally arrived, was in a very crowded state just like the streets.

"P-priest! There's a secret passage I know!"

"Where is it?"

"You can go that way!"

Following Erin's guidance, we arrived at a small building.

"We can get out of Guise through the basement passageway of this house! But the door is locked."

"Alright!"

After I kicked the door roughly, the thick door fell down like a sheet of paper. Running down the basement, I dropped Pierre and Erin off in front of the underground passageway.

"If things get any worse, just run away."

"P-priest, what about you?"

"I'm going back."

Having secured the safety of my acquaintances, it was time to save those I didn't know. 

Erin tried to tell me something, but I ran out of the building without listening. 

***

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

A hammer of pure white light fell from the sky again. The demon let out a painful scream, shaking his head. Obs held on to the white sword that had been lodged in the demon's head and resisted the shaking.

"Hammer of Punishment!!!"

A man with a horn on his head rushed toward the demon's legs. A white shining hammer hit its foot. A hammer of light fell again, but Cornu's hammer was definitely smaller than that of Obs’. Of course, the blow’s power was weaker, too.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

Cornu couldn't escape the paws of the demon. The one-horned man flew in the air and smashed into a wall.

Seeing that, I ran towards the place where Cornu was stuck. 

"Priest Cornu!" 

Climbing over the ruins of the building and calling his name, I heard a voice crawling out of nowhere. I quickly headed towards the source of the sound.

"Priest Ma…rnak, here…"  

The condition of Cornu after being hit by the paw was disastrous. The wrapped armor had long since become the chains that imprisoned his body, and bright red blood was constantly flowing through the cracks in the armor. I grabbed the half-smashed Cornu and asked quickly.

"Where is the other priest?"

The priest, Petina, who came with them, was nowhere to be seen. Cornu managed to gather strength and spit out words.

"Petina... is dead."

"The demon! Is there any way to kill him?!"

"Yes. Another relic we brought... that’s with priest Obs now... the white sword that he put in the demon's head... If that sword penetrates the thick skin and pierces the brain... the demon will die..."

Cornu, who squeezed his last strength and barely uttered those words, died just like that. I put my hand on his head and closed his eyes.

"Dear Mother of Corruption. Take this guy back."

With a gentle prayer, Cornu's body decayed in an instant, leaving only his crushed armor. He, who was a two-fingers-worth man, became a hundred divinity. 

With roughly all the information needed, it's time to stop that wild demon. 

I left the building and pulled out the frost steel Sword.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

The demon was still running madly in pain.

"Hammer of Punishment!!!"

Hanging on the demon's head, Obs hit the hammer with one hand again and again. Upon closer observation, I discovered that the hammer was hitting the handle of a white sword, not the demon's head.

Is that the holy sword that can kill the demon?

The huge black body crashed into the buildings in its way. The earth shook violently at the stride of a being heavier than a building itself. I calmly looked for an opportunity in the chaos.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

The moment when the demon was just around the corner, I jumped quickly and clung to his leg with the frost steel sword. 

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

My body shook violently together with the demon's feet. In the shaking, I calmly climbed the demon's legs little by little and headed towards his head.

"Hammer of Punishment!!!"

The hammer of light fell once again with a violent roar. 

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

The world turned upside down with a wild shout.

The demon, who had run out of patience, rolled down the floor with its gigantic body. It was clear that if I stayed like this, I would be crushed completely, so I pulled out my frost steel sword and got off the demon's body.

When I fell from a height that I had barely crawled up to, the resistance of the rough air welcomed me. The distant floor approached in an instant. I rolled to minimize the impact of the fall, but my body was swept away and the white priest's robe was stained red with my blood.

In the agonizing pain, I quickly got up. My drug-enhanced body responded to the brain's command as if it had been waiting.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

A refreshing roar. I woke up and found traces of the perfectly smashed Obs. Unlike me, he couldn't escape the disaster that that huge body had created.

When I looked up at the head of the demon, I saw a white sword stuck in the head of the demon. 

Finally, the demon, who killed all the priests of reformation, began to carry on indiscriminate destruction as if his anger was not yet lifted.

The screams of those who couldn’t escape rang out. 

I started running once again. I ran over the flat road, over the wreckages, and jumped over the roofs.

*Puck.*

The frost steel sword penetrated the demon's tail. Compared to the enormous body, the frost steel sword, which was as small as a needle, did not cause any damage. 

The demon ignored me and continued to destroy Guise.

I moved forward little by little, relying on the frost steel sword to climb up the demon's body that shook wildly.

The target was that relic stuck in the demon's head. Perhaps Obs' efforts were not in vain, except for a small part of the white blade, he had already dug deep into the demon's head.

The demon's rampage will be over if I pushed that holy relic just a little bit.

“Gaaaaaaahhh!”

My body was constantly shaken by the demon's rampage. When I couldn't stand the shaking, I held the frost steel sword and clung to the demon's body, waiting for the shock to pass.

The demon’s rampage was intensifying.

I silently persevered and climbed on the demon's back, finally reaching the handle of a white sword.  

The demon's body started shaking violently again, and I reached for the white sword in front of me. It was such an impatient and foolish choice, with immediate consequences.

‘Kill!’

Something bounced off in the shaking vibrations. Mother's hand, falling out of my pocket, flew into the air and started a free fall toward the floor.

‘Killll-’

*Thud.*

Mother's voice disappeared, and it was suddenly silent. The anxiety of being left alone in the world was suffocating me. I couldn't breathe properly. 

Mother. Mother. Mother! Mother!!!

The sword in front of me didn't matter. Without hesitation, I jumped off the demon's head.

The landing was a complete failure. My legs were crushed because they couldn't overcome the shock. I was crying like a child.

"Mother! Where are you?! Mother!!!"

At that moment, a small voice entered my mind.

‘Kill…’

I crawled with both hands toward the direction the voice was coming from. My nails broke and my fingertips turned red. And yet I crawled on and on. 

Finally, I reached my mother's hand that fell on the wreckage. Peace has returned to my mind.

"Ah. Mother..."

‘Kill!’

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I was in such a hurry that I almost lost mother."

‘Kill! Kill! Kill!’

"What are you saying… Huh?!"

When I looked in the direction the Mother of Corruption was pointing, I saw Obs’ crushed body.

And a small mirror in front of it. 

‘Kill!’

That mirror was the sealed relic of corruption that I and mother had been longing for.

I grabbed the mirror and smiled.

"You said it was a blessing in disguise. That's true, Mother. Today was really fun."

***

Want to know what happened next or just want to support us? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop!
( •̀ ω •́ )✧ https://ko-fi.com/homia
