---
title: "Chapter 7 - Thredon Philian."
---
Translator: Homia

The world's scum. The Evil that seduces those wandering. Chewing and swallowing their tragedies and soaking their clogged throats with tears. And so on.

If you look at the vile words that describe the demons in this world, you can constantly find terms for them like a spring that never dries up. 

I quietly looked at Thredon Philian and slowly opened my mouth. Thredon, a middle-aged man with a cold impression, relaxedly waited for me to talk first, even though he called me in the first place.

"Respected Lord Thredon. I'm sorry, but can I ask you a little favor?"

"Speak."

"There's something I'd like to tell you in private."

Even though I know the demon's identity, the demon can't recognize me. The divinity of corruption was a very secretive thing to match a world achievement. 

Thredon stared at me with a deep look and slowly said.

"Everyone back off."

Hearing the order, the servants and the two knights left. Eventually, with only the two of us left, I brought out the main point.

"Are you enjoying your life as a lord while possessing a human? Demon."

Straightforward words, telling that I already knew who he was. Thredon stared at me and slowly moved the muscles of his face. 

His stiff expression changed, and the cold atmosphere disappeared without a trace. The demon said while smiling full of mischief.

"Thanks to the dead Galad, we have a special guest."

The demon, smiling with his eyes, openly stared at me up and down, as if licking me all over. Extremely rude and frivolous, but there was no malice in it.

"If you recognized me at a glance, I don't think you're a priest who serves the goddess of maintenance."

Demons are hostile to most churches. And as the old saying goes, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.

I said with a big smile.

"I serve the Mother of Corruption."

The demon opened his eyes wide in admiration.

"Oh, I thought they were all dead, but there was still a son of corruption alive. It's an honor to meet such a precious person. My name is 'Crawling Creep'."

"It's an honor to meet you, too. My name is Marnak, a priest who serves the mother of corruption."

The smiling demon, "Crawling Creep," sat comfortably with his legs stretched out.

"You can sit comfortably. It's just the two of us here anyway. By the way, I can't believe I'm having such a friendly conversation with a priest. It's been a really long time."

In fact, the demons had no feelings for the priests. Even for the gods they worship. Their interest was solely directed towards intelligent creatures.

Demons are born stronger than anyone else, but can't take anything on their own. Those who did not belong to the world had no choice but to obtain what belongs to the world through fair dealings with intelligent beings. Therefore, the demons loved all intelligent beings.

The demons were playful spectators and talkative readers who enjoyed dealing with the intelligent and immersing themselves in their lives.

The demons, who were born with such power, had different things they could do and their limitations were clear, but from the point of view of a weak human, the demons were infinitely close to omnipotence.

Therefore, the gods were reluctant and wary of demons.

The price of a deal with the demons is always in direct proportion to the size of what you want, but the size of your faith and the blessings the gods give you are not proportional.

The gods couldn’t agree to their believers and other intelligent beings’ fall to the demons who return as much as they give, so they eventually drew their sharpest swords and declared to all the intelligent beings.

From now on, the name of the vile are the demons, and they are the indisputable evil!

The demons readily accepted the sudden hostility of the gods. Thankfully, gods gave them a name that was easy to introduce.

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

And the priests' demon hunt for obvious evil began.

The answer to the question of why I know so well about the demons is very simple. 

The 'Demon Contractor', which is persecuted by everyone if his identity is discovered, is an extremely difficult job that everyone is reluctant to play as, and it was a job I set up to play next after the Priest of Corruption. Now that I fell into the game, it was irrelevant.

Mother's hand in my pocket wriggled as if bored.

‘Kill.’

A muffled voice. Our Mother of Corruption, unlike other gods, had little interest in demons. I said to the demon, soothing mother by patting her pocket.

"How many years have you been in possession?"

The demon lord stretched out one hand and counted on his fingers, one by one, and smiled broadly.

"It's just the 40th winter this year! Hahaha! If it wasn't for this priest, this monumental year would have almost passed by. I'm going to hold an exciting festival to bring warmth to this chilly city! Because of the role I’m in, I can rarely throw it all away and have fun!"

"Crawling Creep" soon fell into his own world and began muttering.

"Let's see, how much money is left for Guise this year... It's a little tight, but if I add a little, the city can play and eat for five days. Good. Very good! Perfect!" 

After speaking and completing the calculations alone, the demon clapped his hands repeatedly.

"If you're not too busy, I hope you enjoy the festival! I'm sure it'll be a lot of fun! Hahaha!"

The demon, bursting out in a friendly laugh, tilted his head and asked me.

"By the way, why did you come to see me?"

"I came because you invited me...?"

The demon, who slapped his forehead, laughed loudly.

"Oh, right! Look at me! Hahaha! I'm sorry. Priest, it's been a while since I've met someone I could talk to comfortably, so I was a bit distracted. I apologize for this!"

I smiled brightly. 

"It’s fine."

"This Son of Corruption has a character as generous as his fair face!"

‘Kill!’

The Mother of Corruption was pleased as if she was indirectly praised by the demon.

"Actually, I didn't call to tell you anything special. It’s Galad. I called the priest because I wanted to hear from the witness how he died. If you don't mind, could you tell me more about Galad's death? I'll give you a reward."

That wasn’t a big deal, so I could do it. Furthermore, he said he’d give me a reward. I told the demon in detail about how Galad died.

After hearing the story, the demon clicked his tongue and shook his head. 

"Tsk tsk. What a tragedy. I can't believe my only brother went away like that. I've told him several times to quit mercenary work because it's very dangerous. Tsk. Oh, I meant this body’s brother."

I looked around carefully. The frugality of the lord was seen in the room without any special decorations. 

A frugal demon lord who regrets the death of his ill-fated half-brother. It's fun.

In the warm room, I sat down in a slightly more comfortable position.

"By the way, is the original owner of the body the contractor?"

When I asked, the demon answered as if he had been waiting.

"Hahaha! You must be curious about my story! I can tell you as much as you want! Isn't a story more interesting if there's someone to listen to it?"

The story of how the demon started out was not so complicated.

The demon contractor is Thredon's father, the former lord, and he desperately wanted a woman he met one day. But he said that the woman he loved already had a fiancée, and the former lord longed for not only her body, but also her heart. In the end, he summoned the demon and spewed out his desires.

Give her heart to me! I'll give you everything! 

The demon spoke to the former lord who summoned him, in a gentle voice with the utmost kindness.

You don't have to give me everything. All you have to do is give me what I want.

What do you want? ‘Crawling Creep’!

The demon, slowly spreading out the fingers of his hands, laughed.

To ruin one life, you need another. Your fifteen-year-old son, if you give me his life, I will give you the life of that woman.

Devoured by his desire, the former lord sold his son to the demon without hesitation. The demon gave him what he promised. Thus, the woman became the mistress of the former lord.

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

The demon said that the son born between the mistress and the lord was Galad.

"What a pity. Galad was like a child I created, so I always tried to take good care of him, but this brother, who was not happy with his birthplace, eventually left the house and worked as a mercenary. This winter, my brother was in trouble because he had no work, and I didn't expect that trying to give him a job secretly would lead to his death. After all, life is really hard."

The demon grinned, filled with satisfaction.

"That's why it makes my heart beat even faster! By the way, it's time for me to start working as a lord. I'd like to tell the priest more about me, but I'll put it off for another time! Oh, you're welcome to come by anytime. It's always nice to have a visit from a close friend you can talk with!"

Before I knew it, I became a friend of the demon. The friendly demon lord handed me a bag as a reward, which was very much to my liking. 

"I'm ashamed I didn't put a lot in it, but it'll help you a little. Then go back in peace! Priest!"

I left the lord's mansion and carefully opened the bag. Inside were two shiny golden coins. The coins were worth two hundred silver coins.

"Wow!"

‘Kill!’

"Oh, mother. He is a lord. What do you mean the lord is trying to seduce me with money? This bag full of gold coins is pure courtesy."

The mother of corruption expressed her deep jealousy towards the demon lord, perhaps because she couldn’t bestow gold coins on her son.

‘Kill!’

"A priest who covets money and valuables?! That's too much. But you know what? Gold coins don't rot."

‘Kill!’

"Mother, don't be angry and listen to me till the end. More words are supposed to come after them."

I cleared my voice.

"Khm-khm. There's one thing that never rots and lasts as long as a gold coin, do you know what it is?"

‘Kill?’

"That's my love for mother."

‘Kill...!’

She was so touched. The mother of corruption was so engrossed in deep lingering feelings that she couldn’t snap out of it.

"My mother always comes first. So don't worry too much."

I patted the hand procrastinating in my pocket and headed for the mercenary guild. With two gold coins.

*** 

Shiny white armor that reflects sunlight, a huge hammer attached to the back, and a black cloak engraved with a pattern of pure white scales. A sword worn on the waist in case of emergency.

Three priests of the Reformation Church, who were ready to slaughter someone at any moment, were talking to Erin inside the mercenary guild. Erin, who confirmed that I had entered the mercenary guild, smiled brightly and waved to me.

"Oh, you're here? Priest Marnak! Say hello to the Reformation Priests here!"

A friendly greeting is very welcome, but I don't want to meet those fanatic friends.

I hid my innermost thoughts, smiled reverently, and bowed to the priests of the Reformation Church. 

"Hello? I'm Marnak, a priest serving the goddess of maintenance, who protects daily life."

The moment I made eye contact with one of the priests of the Reformation Church.

'Kill!!!!!'

Mother informed me that one of them had one of the twelve remaining holy relics.

***

Want to know what happened next or just want to support us? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop!
( •̀ ω •́ )✧ https://ko-fi.com/homia
