---
title: "Chapter 11 - The request."
---
Translator: Homia

[This chap was made possible thanks to Dr. Diggle! Thank you for your support!!! And sorry for the late releases! UwU]

"It's near here."

At the ranger's gesture, the priest of the Flame Church slowly bowed his head to express his gratitude.

"Thank you for your guidance. Could you step back for a moment?"

"Yes."

As the ranger slowly stepped back, the priest of the Flame took a step forward while gesturing. A blue flame from his fingertips gently enveloped the earth.

The blue flame crawled on the ground like a living being, melting only the snow. The ranger sincerely admired the marvelous sight.

"It's a great power however you look at it."

The priest of the Flame, who melted all the surrounding snow, did not answer. The blue flames swept through the white snow, revealing some traces underneath.

"Since it's been a while, I think a monster or beast devoured the body."

"Is that so? That's understandable."

The priest of the Flame opened his mouth slowly after looking at the dry earth.

"Can you tell me the names of the cities around here?"

***

"Priest, thank you very much. If it weren't for you, I would have died that evening."

A week has passed since the demon ran wild. Pierre’s body was still bandaged all around.

I smiled and patted Pierre on the shoulder.

"I was just doing what I was supposed to as a human. Don't worry about it."

Pierre's pupils trembled harshly with emotion. He choked, so he couldn't speak easily.

"Priest..."

"I hope you take care of yourself even when you return to your hometown. I'll see you when I get a chance."

It must have been quite a shock that the bandits killed all of his comrades, so Pierre told me yesterday that he had decided to stop working as a mercenary and return to his hometown. Now he was lying in the corner of a carriage headed towards his hometown.

Pierre said, with eyes big like a cow’s.

"If you really come, I'll treat you well no matter how difficult it might be!"

"I won't forget this and visit you once."

In front of the carriage, a scream was heard. It had to depart soon.

"It's time to part ways. Go in peace."

"Stay healthy, Priest!"

Pierre wished me goodbye, swinging his injured arm. After bowing my head lightly, I headed to the mercenary guild through the west gate.

"I'm not sure what to do today, Mother." 

‘Kill!’

"I've heard you, Mother, to stop playing around and do something, but I still don’t have enough money in my pocket that would warm my heart every time I see it. Doesn't Mother know it as well? I have to hide and stay quiet right now."

‘Kill!’

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

Mother scolded me for saving the demon, as being the Mother of Corruption, she knew well that she had to stay hidden.

"That's true, too, but what could I do with the two gold coins he paid in advance?"

‘Kill!’

I said, patting my pocket.

"Sigh, this isn't going to work. In this case, I will use the secret funds that I saved once again."

‘Kill…?’

“I heard it on the way, but a good medicine for skincare arrived. I'll buy it on the way and apply it to you carefully. How about it?”

‘Kill…!’

I walked lightly with a big smile. The highly anticipating Mother's hand nagged joyfully.

Closing both eyes, the divinity absorbed in the last incident emerged in my mind.

[Divinity: 3482]

After saving the demon, I went around and harvested most of the corpses that could be harvested. Thanks to this, I was able to obtain a fairly large amount of divinity. The genocide was a truly sad thing, but the living must continue to live.

In addition, Obs was a three-fingers-worth human being. When I harvested his crushed body, I gained a whopping one thousand divinity.

Erin shouted loudly as I entered the mercenary guild after buying a skincare beauty medicine for Mother's hand.

"‘Demon Slayer’ Priest Marnak!"

"How many times have I told you not to call me by that nickname? Every time I’m called by that nickname, I'm seriously embarrassed."

Yes, by the time the incident was settled, lord Thredon publicly announced that I had rescued him, and took the last breath of the giant demon. Thanks to this, I got the grand nickname of ‘Demon Slayer’, which doesn't even suit me.

Erin liked the nickname ‘Demon Slayer’, and whenever she called me like that, it always got the attention of people around her every time. Like this time.

"Is that priest the famous ‘Demon Slayer’?"

"Contrary to how he looks, he’s very strong, he cut off seven bandits by himself a while ago."

"He killed a demon and seven bandits by himself. I'm still afraid that giant monster will pop out again."

I asked Erin, with one ear listening to the rumors about me.

"How was the recovery of the relics?"

An opaque mirror and a pure white sword. I obtained the divinity of corruption sealed in the mirror, while the pure white sword was just an ordinary relic, so no divinity was obtained from it.

Erin replied with a smile. White teeth added to the charm of playful laughter.

"I left it in the storage. Are you sure you don't want to reveal your name?"

"Of course."

There was no need to become more entangled with those fanatics of the reformation church. Anyway, the mirror that reveals the demons’ identity and the sword that kills demons were things I didn't really need, and if I had them for no reason, I could run into the religious priests who came to retrieve the holy relics.

"Oh, right."

Erin clapped her hands loudly, then spoke to me in a quiet voice.

"When Priest Marnak was away for a while, the lord's soldiers came and looked for Priest Marnak. They said to come to the lord's residence as soon as you have time."

"Okay."

Erin, who came closer, glanced around and whispered again.

"Perhaps the lord wants to entrust a job to Priest Marnak. These secret jobs are well-paid, but they are also very risky, so consider carefully before deciding."

"How do you know that?"

"Everyone knows. Go quickly. It's very rude to keep the lord waiting."

I came out of the mercenary guild pushed out by Erin's hand, who gently pushed my back. 

‘Kill! Kill!’

Mother, who was looking forward to the skincare medicine, grumbled. I patted my pocket and headed out on the road again.

“Why are you angry when something that Mother wanted so much happened?”

'Kill?'

"Ugh. What do you mean, ‘Why don't we just rest for today?’ Even if you have a different attitude than before, isn’t it too different?"

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

‘K.i.l.l!’

"I know you're angry because you're embarrassed. I'll quickly go back and apply it to every nook and cranny after hearing what the lord has to say, so please bear with me for a moment."

‘Kill!’

After a dramatic compromise was established, I headed for the lord's residence.

***

"Welcome! Priest! I was waiting for the priest to come! How come your face looks brighter every time I see it!? Hahaha!"

A demon with exquisitely carved wooden prosthetic legs, prosthetic arms, and transparent eyes greeted me.

"You're exaggerating."

"How can I exaggerate in praising our ‘Demon Slayer’ Priest Marnak!"

The devil poured a cup of hot tea and offered it to me. The wooden hand moved gently, as if alive. It was fascinating every time I saw it.

I took a sip and laughed.

"Isn't the demon known to have been slain by the Demon Slayer alive here?"

"The demon has to live, too. There's no life that was born to die, right?"

The demon grinned and buried himself in his chair, flailing his wooden legs.

"It's always amazing that wooden prosthetic legs and hands move naturally without any devices."

"I do this only in front of the priest, but in front of other people, I limp around. In addition, I had to pay a huge price for such a natural movement."

"What's the price?"

Taking a sip of tea, the devil laughed playfully.

"Soon, the hair roots of this body will lose their strength and fall like fallen leaves in mid-autumn. Perhaps if you see me in a few months, you will be greeted by a sparkling, bare mountain monk."

It was a terrible price indeed. After all, is he a demon to easily accept such a price?

While I was admiring inwardly, the demon brought out his business. 

"Priest, do you have a week or so to spare?"

"The time is fine."

Unemployment’s money problem was an excuse serious enough to stop rolling around.

"That's really good! There's one good job request, and the priest was directly nominated."

Nominated me? As I looked at him with suspicious eyes, the devil quickly continued speaking.

"I think that after hearing the name of ‘Demon Slayer’, they thought the priest was the right person for this job. It's probably related to the ruins of the ancient empire."

I was genuinely surprised.

"Were there any ruins of the ancient empire around here?"

“First of all, they said that they came to explore the ruins of the ancient empire. Since the person leading the party is a nobleman from the capital, it's probably not groundless.”

The ancient empire was an empire that unified the continent after ending the era of crooked wizards a long time ago. The relics of the ancient empire were set to be a precious treasure with powerful performance for the scholars of the present age, who have lost the advanced technologies achieved by the ancient empire.

To put it simply, most of the high-grade items in this game had the trait "Relics of the Ancient Empire." 

The remains of the ancient empire were similar to dungeons frequently mentioned in other games.

‘Kill!’

As Mother said, I decided that I should take it first.

"I'll accept that job."

"We haven't even talked about compensation yet, are you accepting it already?"

"What’s the pay?"

"It's a whopping five gold coins. He’ll pay them all in advance. Besides, he said that he would hand over one of the excavated artifacts if you made a great contribution in the ruins."

I answered quickly.

"I will definitely do it!"

***

The group had a total of three people.

One person presumed to be a wizard wearing thick robes, a one-horned man armed with a large shield and an ax, and the last man wearing leather armor with a bow on his back.

“May unwavering happiness be maintained in your life. I am Marnak, a priest who enshrines the goddess of maintenance, who protects our daily life.”

As I bowed and said hello, a handsome man with a bow walked toward me with a cheerful smile. At first glance, he gave off a weak impression, but judging from the thick limbs that didn't match his impression, he must have been constantly training.

"Nice to meet you, priest! My name is Carmen Baltas, who commissioned this work. I've heard so many things from Lord Thredon. He's a very wise and outstanding person. I'm really happy to be able to work with you through this connection." 

I replied with a quiet smile.

"Take good care of me."

***

Want to know what happened next or just want to support us? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop!
( •̀ ω •́ )✧ https://ko-fi.com/homia
