---
title: "Chapter 10 - Second power."
---
Translator: Homia

[This chap was made possible thanks to Dr. Diggle! Thank you for your support!!! 1 chap more to go!]

The mirror was too opaque to see someone’s face in it. I tried changing the angle here and there, but nothing was reflected.

I heard that the sword in the head of the demon is used to fight demons, so this mirror is probably a holy relic that revealed the demon’s identity.

In fact, the mirror’s ability didn't matter to me at all.

‘Kill!’

"I am trying to absorb it faster, Mother."

As I looked in the mirror and silently offered my prayers to the Mother of Corruption, a dark green light slowly emanated from the mirror, seeping into my body and Mother’s hand. When the energy emanating from the mirror stopped, I closed my eyes.

[Divinity: 11723]

As expected, a sealed holy relic has 10,000 divinity, which is worth one ability. I brought my attention back to reality.

I carefully lifted my Mother's hand out of the pocket.

"Mother, another seal has been released. Could you tell me what changed?"

‘Kill!’

I was patiently waiting for Mother to tell me what had changed. Anyway, my two legs were crushed after the fall, so there was nothing I could do other than wait for them to regenerate.

After a short wait, my Mother finally informed me.

‘Kill!’

"What? Is that true?"

‘Kill!’

Mother's hand, which fell out of my grasp, crawled and made some distance between us. It then fell on the floor, looking tired, and sent me her will.

‘Kill!’

I crawled on the floor, took her hand, and put it back into my pocket.

"It is certainly a good thing that you can send your will from a little further away than before, but... Isn't that too poor a result for breaking the seal of a holy relic? No, it's definitely poor. This is disappointing. This is the only thing th-..."

"K. I. L. L!"

Tl/n: So, here she says ‘살’ sal, kinda half of ‘살해’ salhe, which means ‘to kill’...

I laughed out loud at Mother's screams.

"You seem to be able to speak a little better. It's an unbelievable development. You can now speak one letter at a time. This son is in tears at his Mother's growth."

‘Kill!’

My Mother's hand struggled violently, telling me not to make fun of her. 

"Okay. Given the situation, it would be better to stop making fun of you now."

I closed my eyes and prayed quietly.

"Dear Mother of Corruption. I will offer ten thousand divinity. Please grant me a new ability."

The divine level within was rapidly dropping, and a new ‘power’ has been given to me.

At the same time as I gained the new ability, information about what effect it had was engraved in my mind.

‘Kill...?’

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

"Hmm. It's not a bad ability, Mother. It's pretty useful even in the current situation."

This time, after dedicating ten thousand divinity, the newly acquired power is 'The Arts of Corruption'. (Or Corruption Arts)

The effect of this power was very simple and powerful. The 'The Arts of Corruption' was a power that further amplified my physical abilities beyond the scope of a human being, although dark green mystical tattoos appeared on my whole body the moment I activated the power.

However, unlike the 'Giant of Corruption', this power wasn’t only beneficial to me. The cost of the 'The Arts of Corruption' was the same as its ability, and while I was using it to amplify my physical abilities, I was slowly rotting from inside out. By the time the corruption reached the outer parts, I’d be practically incapable of combat.

I smiled brightly.

"Once I use this, I’ll be in a lot of pain until my intestines regenerate, Mother."

‘Kill...’

I patted Mother in the pocket. 

"Mother, you don't have to feel sorry for me at all. Wasn’t that power what I wanted in the first place? Besides, it's always good to have more things I can use."

The regeneration of the crushed legs was over.

“Gaaaaaahhh!”

I slowly stood up and looked at the demon still raging in the distance.

"Now that I think about it, it's very strange."

‘Kill?’

It was strange, very strange, that the demon was raging like a beast even now, even after all the priests who angered him were dead.

The demon was not a beast that left everything to his instincts.

So far, the situation has been so urgent that I couldn’t afford to think about it, but the brief respite during the regeneration of my crushed legs gave me the opportunity to analyze the current situation.

Eventually, I came to a conclusion.

"Mother."

‘Kill?’

"It may be a little shaky. Hold on tight in your pocket."

‘Kill?!’

***

A man in a pure white priest's robe ran over the wreckage. The divinity of corruption was constantly flowing from the dark green tattoos that covered his skin.

Every time Marnak kicked the earth with his legs far beyond human strength, he flew at a fast speed, narrowing the distance between him and the demon.

“Gaaaaaahhh!”

The black giant realized instinctively that something was coming his way. The demon rolled his big eyes around and found the cause of this ominous feeling.

A small creature was running toward him.

The demon responded in a very simple way. He swung at the unpleasant creature with his large, heavy tail at full force. The formidable tail broke down everything in its path without hesitation and made its way toward that small life. 

Marnak dealt with it calmly. The muscles of his legs burst to the limit, as if they had been waiting. Marnak's body soared into the air at once. He escaped the giant tail by a hair's breadth. 

The black tail passed right in front of him. Marnak stretched out his hand and clung to the demon's tail, then jumped up on the demon's body and sprinted toward his head.

As the demon was trying to tear down the creature running on its back with its front paws, it realized one fatal fact.

He couldn’t reach his back.

Faced with the limitations of his body structure, the demon eventually chose a different method. Once again, he decided to roll on the ground with his huge body. That swift creature would be crushed to death by his body, like the lump of metal that hurt him before. At least he thought so.

The black body on which Marnak was running gradually tilted. But this was also expected. Marnak jumped from the crocodile's back and landed on the ground. The pain rose to his knees, but the powerful body fortunately endured the shock of the fall. 

[ Read at yourfantasytranslations.github.io/ for the last chapters and to support us~~!!!]

"Cough."

Rotten intestinal fragments popped out of his cough. 

"This is faster than expected. I think it's a power that's hard to use for a long time, Mother."

There was no time to stop. A huge black shadow covered the earth. Marnak sprinted through the rubble again, avoiding the demon's massive body rolling behind him.

The huge body collapsed the streets of Guise without a trace.

Marnak was running continuously. And then, after having fun rolling around, the demon rose again.

Marnak, who ran to the front of the demon's feet, leaped in the air. The priest's hands clung to the demon's front legs. He climbed on the demon's bumpy hide like a monkey climbing a tree.

“Gaaaaaahhh!”

The demon felt furious because no matter how hard he tried to shake it off, that small creature didn’t fall. The screaming demon dropped his giant body again.

If once wasn’t enough, he would roll over and over again until that creature fell.

The body started tilting again.

However, Marnak did not jump down from the demon's body like earlier. Having already reached the demon's neck, his eyes reflected the white sword stuck far away on the top of his head.

"Jump!"

The Priest of Corruption glided across the slanting floor, then leaped into the air again with his hand stretched out. Marnak's hand nearly failed to catch the white sword.

If he pushed it just one more inch, the demon would be dragged to the other world.

But Marnak didn't push the sword in. Instead, he extracted the sword from his head.

"Wake up!"

“Gaaaaaaa!!”

The body of the giant black crocodile collapsed. The black flesh that fell along with Marnak became a soft cushion, absorbing the shock directed to his body.

Marnak stood up again, and dug up a piece of black flesh. 

Then he smiled as he finally found the demon.

"Have you lost your mind?"

The demon slightly frowned with his remaining eye, then laughed happily.

"Looks like meeting the priest was a real blessing for me!"

***

The demon loved negotiating and enjoyed discussing in general.  

No matter why he was angry, it's strange to just go wild without saying a word. 

After examining the condition of the demon, I came to one conclusion.

Something was forcibly suppressing his intellect.  

The only thing that didn’t belong to him in that giant body was the white sword stuck in the top of his head. Then the story was simple. That white sword was the shackle that suppressed the intellect of the demon.

So instead of pushing the white sword deeper, I awakened the intellect of the demon by pulling it out.

The demon, who lost one eye, two legs, and his left arm, lamented in tears.

"Too much. That's really too much. Guise is a city I've cherished for the past 40 years. I can't believe I destroyed it with my own hands."

I sat down next to the demon. In the aftermath of 'The Arts of Corruption', my stomach was turned upside down and it was difficult to stand up.

"What's broken is to be rebuilt. How nice would it be to rebuild the city areas while this is happening? In addition, if you look closely, the outer buildings are quite intact."

The demon chuckled and laughed.

"The priest is absolutely right. It is also a very exciting feeling. Making my heart pound like this! Hahahaha! By the way, can I ask you a question?"

"You may ask."

An eyeball and a hole with only red flesh turned towards me.

"Why did you help me?" 

"Didn't you give me two gold coins? If a person receives something, they have to repay it back."

I smiled brightly.

"What do you think? My two gold coins’ worth of help."

The demon grinned, too.

"It was plenty."

***

Well, all this time my tl-ing abilities improved! I kept gaining experience translating, and learning new stuff from university! (I major in translations, in foreign languages!) I hope the quality improved, and that you had fun reading it!!! <3 <3 <3

Want to know what happened next or just want to support us? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop!
( •̀ ω •́ )✧ https://ko-fi.com/homia
